let's talk about the massive controversy
surrounding the recent elections in
Thailand if you didn't see the elections
were held last Sunday they were the
first since the military's most recent
coup in 2014 which on that no military
coup is are actually not that uncommon
in Thailand in Thailand once again which
is truly like my second home now I've
been to Thailand so many times over the
past two years but I haven't been back
for about six months now and I have
returned to attend a vegan festival
which is called fruit winter festival
which takes place every single year in
Chiang Mai Thailand and I'm actually
hoping to organize it this year along
with my good friends corner Brittany and
Kelsey so I'm just super super excited
about it it's amazing here what what do
you like about it I just like like the
vibe I love the culture here I love the
people and
[Music]
then there are 250 seats in the upper
house which are appointed by the
military 150 seats in the upper house
which are appointed by the military home
now then when you bring it all together
right combined votes from the members in
each house they elect the Prime Minister
to get the majority to elect a prime
minister the magic number is 376 not
that far from 215 so then really the PP
RP only needs 126 of the 500 lower seats
to reach it so it's a situation in setup
that makes it incredibly hard for
another party to rise to power Chiang
Mai like everything is so accessible and
like the fruit and the food like tea bar
which is about one u.s. dollar so one US
dollar for this humongous bag of Chinese
cabbage definitely affordable isn't it
yeah very affordable like I don't have a
lot of savings but I can come here and
live quite good really cheap even though
the Democrats are indigent I'm a long
bachelor party has been gaining a lot of
votes and that represented different
points of view among the Thai people
that lead that will lead to the
instability of the next government does
that mean with knots in the end of the
cool no no no with the ins instable
instability of the next government
inside there might be another election
there might be another military
intervention so everything is still on
the table
[Music]